hey people and welcome to
the channel of railway this time we want
a 10 inch android tablet
imagine namely that technique et 10 g
kindly provided by
technisat
on the front of the packaging we find the
Model name a few symbols of
the product features
We have a product image with the
description of the connections
and down here is the
company name including the web address
on the sides is the
model designation
and on the back we find the
technical data and one
Product description in three languages ​​like this
what's up insight
Of course, the technology chain is 10g
there
a charger
a usb cable
a user manual
a microfiber cloth to clean
a napster musician coupon
and a coupon for four times
computer picture and four times tv digital as
e paper
We have a 10 inch display with
a resolution of 1280 x 800 pixels
and thus a page ratio of 16 10
as cpu comes a dual core cortex a9
with 1.6 ghz for use
the cpu are 1 gb ddr3 RAM
and a whopping 32 GB of internal memory for
disposal
here is the front camera
At the top of the device is the power
button the loud button and behind
a cover is the sim
card slot and the micro sd
cards shaft
on the side of the device we have that
built-in microphone a headphone jack
the charging socket a mini hdmi connection
and a micro USB connection
on the backside we find the 5
megapixel camera a technisat logo and
the two stereo speakers
The back has a fine structure
which feels high quality in the hand
on the device are a few apps already
preinstalled
android is available in version 4.1
This tablet reacts extremely fast
and directly to the entries
we did not have it during the whole test phase
several times to tap something all
actions were touched at first
executed immediately
no matter whether we by wlan or with 3g into
net-go is that technique et 10 g
always fast on the way
There were connection breaks in it as well
no outside
Pictures and even the smallest writings
are on this display very well too
recognize
make pages like facebook or youtube
at this device just fun
our test with the technique et 10 g
especially fun the built-in
5 megapixel camera makes very good
snapshots the workflow is simple
only perfect we will be using this tablet
to use joy to go on the go
to answer your questions
because it makes android fun
At this point we would like again
at technisat for the great product
thank
the link to the company homepage and more
You can find information about the product like
always down in the info box
until next time as a team